with the crazy wild stunt man from
jackass
steve-o who is now into comedy I cannot
wait to see what this guy's up to come
on guys you are coming with me should I
be scared
Oh should we come back hi there
you make sure you're flush please make
sure you flush no you know okay we'll
have a seat man how's it going how's it
going Steve oh I'm doing well yeah well
you just mention I did three hundred
push-ups then tried to take a leak and
he busted me before I got anywhere
sorry we like to get that kind of access
here on access live okay wasn't 300 it's
more like fifteen fifteen hundred oh
yeah okay now if you're showing them you
gotta show the famous one on your back
come on I love this I love it hey how
you feeling over there yeah
Dino you're here to do your stand-up set
at the Hollywood improv yeah it's uh
it's it's it's raunchy filthy comedy and
amazing physical feats physical feat
feats of incredible physical prowess I
like that and you are in your hometown
pretty much yes since I graduated high
school in 1992 in London England I went
to the University of Miami and since
then Florida has been home base for my
family I live in California but
Florida's still home base yeah I like
that yeah my little fleur de boy that's
right now I have to ask is there any
stunt out there you just wouldn't do you
just said no way I can't do that yeah I
talked about that during my show I do
you do talk about that they wanna know
that they want to know what will this
asshole not do so I'm sorry I said tell
him you know that's a bit I do a lot and
I Anna and I'll share it with you the
people from the vh1 Network they reached
out to me I got this email and it's
dear Stevo we've had great success with
our dating show format shows like rock
of love and Flavor of Love and they
wanted me to do the exact same show I
didn't have they wanted called steve-o
of love you know
flavor of steve-o but I just didn't even
have to think about it I was like
there's no way that I'm gonna let 30
chicks go and tell the whole world how
fast I come okay because I go eh what
can I say yeah you know I fucking I come
fast you know especially the hot chicks
like you I think premature ejaculation
is truly the highest form of flattery if
you think about it now let me ask you
something do you have like a wedding
ring that you take off before you
interview dudes no no so you're not
married at all married that's pretty
cool you have a boyfriend
yes yeah how long you been dating him a
couple years I am about you will thank
you now that question do you consider
yourself a role model um I I don't know
how to answer that I think in some
respects you could probably say that uh
that I'm a sort of a role model I don't
like to really consider myself one
though you don't know I'm definitely a
having been a very unhealthy character
who did a lot of ill-advised things and
I still do ill-advised things but I've
learned how to take care of myself a lot
better and I think that I live my life
according to a higher moral standard
than than I used to
now tell us what influenced stand-up
comedy I was in Los Angeles and this guy
invited me to a comedy club to get on
stage and do something crazy that was in
I showed up and I got on stage and I
know I should have looked around and I
was like man the craziest thing I could
possibly do would be to get on stage and
do stand-up like try stand-up so I
waited for my turn I thought up some
funny stuff and I got onstage and I said
when I came up with and people really
laughed at it and so I couldn't believe
it I was like man I just got I just like
entertain people like without hurting
myself or like you know what what do you
consider a bigger rush yeah and prepping
for a crazy stunt or a couple minutes
before you go onstage you know what
drives me is an unreasonable hunger for
attention I'm really just an attention
whore in every sense so whether it's a
stunt whether it's stand-up whether it's
anything I'm really just sort of you
know like urgently wanting people's
attention now your sobriety I think it's
safe to say you saved your life I mean
how did you figure out what to do to be
entertained to make steve-o happy well I
don't know about being entertained
certainly my sense of humor is no
different since I stopped taking drugs
and drinking alcohol and definitely
saved my life there's no question about
that
I don't know that entertainment wise or
work-wise anything is really different
about me at all you know once I got
sober and then we filmed another jackass
movie when I was sober I I was like
maybe even more gung-ho to be involved
in everything because I wanted to prove
that I didn't turn into some big soft
sissy you know sissy yeah now any
upcoming projects you want to share with
us yeah I have a new TV show that starts
on the truTV Network next month it
premieres November 23rd and it's a show
that I host called killer karaoke and
it's people singing karaoke while
horrible things happen to them and they
have to keep singing no matter what
Wow yeah it's pretty it's really funny
like you got guys like trying to sing
Lynyrd Skynyrd they're getting
electrocuted the whole time and you know
like people singing while we dunk him
into big tanks and dump snakes all over
them and stuff and oh my goodness wake
up I would personally never ever want to
do at all and yeah I never do it to
these poor people are they sing when can
we expect November 23rd November 23rd of
this year that's right next month I know
I know I already filmed everything it's
a it's all in the can and what's so cool
about it the network really loves this
show so much that they've actually
greenlit season two before season 1 even
aired so I'm already I'm already off to
go shoot season great success already
yep I know it's really cool he's going
to California next right Ontario
California is my next stop and my whole
tour schedule is on steve-o calm